buddy this is Chris Wragge not 24k on
Twitter today we're unboxing the phone
salesman wireless charging cool pad and
the phone salesman Qi wireless charging
galaxy s5 power card they make different
models and this one happens to be for
the galaxy s5 it just came out from
Samsung we're going to go ahead and
unbox the cool pad first so what this
device does is plug into a USB charging
area and then it charges your Qi
wireless enabled phone so they give you
an extra long micro USB cord which is
nice and this is the actual pad itself
it's pretty thin but it's large so you
can just set the device down and charges
and all this has is a micro USB port in
the cable and then a light here that
lights up and once it's made in
connection with one of the Qi wireless
charging cards or phones then it turns a
different color goes from like a purple
to a green so it's easy for that they
also send along a stopper so you can put
that in your micro USB port since you
will be using that to charge your phone
any longer now what's nice about this
model it's a high-efficiency version and
what they allow you to do is plug it
into any powered USB port that has 500
milliamps all the way up to 20 100
milliamps so this actually outputs a
certain level of charge which is a
standard amount it's at seventy four
point six percent at a thousand milliamp
so if you use a standard USB charger
then you will get the highest efficiency
possible from this device it works for
galaxy s4 s3 note 2 and like I said any
Qi wireless
device and even worked on the verizon
nokia lumia icon charged it almost
immediately okay now will unbox this
this is very thin basically just a wound
up copper coil with a connector for your
phone that slips out there here it is
comes with a very thin cable adapter to
plug in your phone now you seen this
phone that's been sitting here now it's
just a model of where it will plug in
since this is a galaxy s4 and this
card's furnace 5 it's not compatible
however these little gold dots that you
can see their plug-in to somewhere like
that on the galaxy phone so it will sit
like that so you have full access to
your memory card slot and then this part
actually sticks to the back part of your
phone so it won't move and there you go
this is the phone salesman power card
for galaxy s5 and the phone salesman
coolpad qi wireless charger this is
Chris Wragge not 24 k on twitter